Add Digital Humanities to GTA event track documentation (#6822)
galaxyproject/training-material: events/tracks/gta2026-dh.md

---
layout: event-track

title: Digital Humanities
description: This module will introduce you to the world of Digital Humanities using Galaxy. 
We suggest starting with the "Introduction to Digital Humanities". 
You can go through the tutorials at your own pace.

> If you need support, contact us via the Slack Channel [tbd](tbd). 

Author: ```suggestion
If you need support, contact us via the Slack Channel [gta-digitalhumanities](https://gtnsmrgsbord.slack.com/archives/C0B12KJ1WT1). 
```

🚨 **Please use the EU Galaxy instance to follow this training.** The others currently do not support all the tools needed to follow along.

> slack_channel: 

Author: ```suggestion
slack_channel:  gta-digitalhumanities
```
